fix(ci): updates required to build on CircleCI (#31)
echobind/fastlane-plugin-react_native_release: README.md

**Note: In followup releases, we will add a `react-native-release init` script to generate these for you.**

### Setup CI

> Step 1. If you've already setup Fastlane Match, skip this section. Each provider is different, but conceptually you'll want to:

Reviewer: Great addition to the docs!! 🎉

- Create a machine user account on your source code provider (GitHub or BitBucket) and invite that account to both the mobile and certs repo.
- Enable CI on the main mobile repository by pressing "Follow" or "Build"
- In an Incognito tab, log into your CI provider with the machine user account.
- Add a user key instead of the default deploy key. This will allow CI to auth as the machine user and gain access to _both_ the mobile repo and the context repo.

> Step 2. Add `CRYPTEX_GIT_URL` and `CRYPTEX_PASSWORD` to your CI environment variables.

Author: ```suggestion
Step 2. Add the following to your CI environment variables:

- CRYPTEX_GIT_URL=(your context repo ssh git url)
- CRYPTEX_PASSWORD=(your context repo password)
- CRYPTEX_VERBOSE=true
- CRYPTEX_DIGEST=sha256 (note: if you have a pre-existing setup, you should set this to md5 - see https://github.com/hjanuschka/fastlane-plugin-cryptex/pull/10)
```

Author: We'll continue to improve these docs. I just wanted a starting point.
